Typos and unifications (#62)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/05-glue/01-markup_to_html.md

I like using qualified imports because readers do not have to guess where a
name comes from. Some modules are even designed to be imported qualified.
For example, many container APIs such as maps, sets, and vectors have a very similar

> API. If we want to use multiple containers in a single module we pretty much have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the APIs of many container types such as maps, sets, and vectors, are very similar.
If we want to use multiple containers in a single module we pretty much have
```

Author: ok
